README.md, before:

# HOLY-BIBLE
Book experience of the HOLY BIBLE

Comments will quote passages from the HOLY BIBLE (NIV version).
Code will translate those passages into interactive and experience-based stories & games.

## Why? 
Yuval Noah Harari mentioned that what makes people special is the stories we tell and the different ways we do it. 
Like scribes writing on paper, code is a new form of storytelling that allows us to interact with and experience the stories we choose to tell. 

I want to know what it is like to be a scribe, practice coding, and mainly do some bible studies.

I also think it's important to write code as a new form of record-keeping.

If you are interested in any aspect of this project, feel free to message me on gihtub, send a feature request, bug issue, or clone repo and send a pull request.

## Series of Book Experiences:

| OLD TESTAMENT  | OLD TESTAMENT  |
|---------------|---------------|
| Genesis       | Ecclesiastes   |
| Exodus        | Song of Songs  |
| Leviticus     | Isaiah         |
| Numbers       | Jeremiah       |
| Deuteronomy   | Lamentations   |
| Joshua        | Ezekiel        |
| Judges        | Daniel         |
| Ruth          | Hosea          |
| 1 Samuel      | Joel           |
| 2 Samuel      | Amos           |
| 1 Kings       | Obadiah        |
| 2 Kings       | Jonah          |
| 1 Chronicles  | Micah          |
| 2 Chronicles  | Nahum          |
| Ezra          | Habakkuk       |
| Nehemiah      | Zephaniah      |
| Esther        | Haggai         |
| Job          | Zechariah       |
| Psalms        | Malachi        |
| Proverbs      |               |


| NEW TESTAMENT    | NEW TESTAMENT  |
|-----------------|---------------|
| Matthew         | 1 Timothy      |
| Mark            | 2 Timothy      |
| Luke            | Titus          |
| John            | Philemon       |
| Acts            | Hebrews        |
| Romans          | James          |
| 1 Corinthians   | 1 Peter        |
| 2 Corinthians   | 2 Peter        |
| Galatians       | 1 John         |
| Ephesians       | 2 John         |
| Philippians     | 3 John         |
| Colossians      | Jude           |
| 1 Thessalonians | Revelation     |
| 2 Thessalonians |                |

Commit message:

Add project scaffolding and tests

README.md, after:

# HOLY-BIBLE

A project exploring a **full‑stack book experience** for the Holy Bible. The goal is to use code and notebooks to create interactive retellings of biblical passages.

Comments quote passages from the HOLY BIBLE (NIV version) and code translates those passages into interactive stories and small games.

## Why?
Yuval Noah Harari mentioned that what makes people special is the stories we tell and the different ways we do it. Like scribes writing on paper, code is a new form of storytelling that allows us to interact with and experience the stories we choose to tell.

I want to know what it is like to be a scribe, practice coding and bible studies, and use code as a new form of record‑keeping.

If you are interested in any aspect of this project, feel free to message me on GitHub, send a feature request, bug issue, or clone the repo and send a pull request.

## Getting Started
1. Install dependencies from `requirements.txt`:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
2. Launch Jupyter and open any notebook. The Genesis notebook is located at `old_testament/genesis/Genesis.ipynb`.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue to discuss ideas or submit a pull request.

* Fork the repository and create a new branch.
* Make your changes with descriptive commit messages.
* Ensure tests run with `pytest` before submitting.

## Series of Book Experiences:

| OLD TESTAMENT  | OLD TESTAMENT  |
|---------------|---------------|
| Genesis       | Ecclesiastes   |
| Exodus        | Song of Songs  |
| Leviticus     | Isaiah         |
| Numbers       | Jeremiah       |
| Deuteronomy   | Lamentations   |
| Joshua        | Ezekiel        |
| Judges        | Daniel         |
| Ruth          | Hosea          |
| 1 Samuel      | Joel           |
| 2 Samuel      | Amos           |
| 1 Kings       | Obadiah        |
| 2 Kings       | Jonah          |
| 1 Chronicles  | Micah          |
| 2 Chronicles  | Nahum          |
| Ezra          | Habakkuk       |
| Nehemiah      | Zephaniah      |
| Esther        | Haggai         |
| Job          | Zechariah       |
| Psalms        | Malachi        |
| Proverbs      |               |

| NEW TESTAMENT    | NEW TESTAMENT  |
|-----------------|---------------|
| Matthew         | 1 Timothy      |
| Mark            | 2 Timothy      |
| Luke            | Titus          |
| John            | Philemon       |
| Acts            | Hebrews        |
| Romans          | James          |
| 1 Corinthians   | 1 Peter        |
| 2 Corinthians   | 2 Peter        |
| Galatians       | 1 John         |
| Ephesians       | 2 John         |
| Philippians     | 3 John         |
| Colossians      | Jude           |
| 1 Thessalonians | Revelation     |
| 2 Thessalonians |                |
